OSSM 6707- Update cert-manager doc for OCP cert-manager's supported istio-csr (#94843)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-about-cert-manager.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ossm-cert-manager-integration-istio_{context}"]
= About the cert-manager Operator Istio-CSR agent

include::snippets/technology-preview-istiocsr.adoc[]

The {cert-manager-operator} enhances certificate management for securing workloads and control plane components in {SMProductName} and {istio}. It supports issuing, delivering, and renewing certificates used for mutual Transport Layer Security (mTLS) through cert-manager issuers.

> By integrating {istio} with the `istio-csr` agent managed by the cert-manager Operator, enables {istio} to request and manage the certificates directly. The integration simplifies security configuration and centralizes certificate management within the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By integrating {istio} with the `istio-csr` agent that is managed by the cert-manager Operator, you enable {istio} to request and manage the certificates directly. The integration simplifies security configuration and centralizes certificate management within the cluster.
```
